DENOMINATOR v2 - pass 0039

cases-defined (pre):  33
cases-defined (post): 41

PER-TAG SPLIT

  Tag             pre   post   delta
  HouseStyle       14     22      +8
  Universal         9      9       0
  RequiresBuild     6      6       0
  Repository        4      4       0
  ----------------------------------
  TOTAL            33     41      +8

All eight are the new help block in evals/conformance/Help.Tests.ps1, and all
eight are HouseStyle. No existing assertion was weakened, renamed or removed;
`git diff` over Conformance.Tests.ps1 for this pass is empty. This pass only
adds.

HOW THE FIGURE IS DERIVED

Read from the suite's own SOURCE by AST, per selected tag, without consulting
the target: no file of the target is read, no -ForEach is expanded, nothing is
discovered. That is the whole property, and it is why the number cannot move
with the shape of what is being graded.

What changed in the derivation is its INPUT SET. Invoke-Conformance.ps1 used to
inventory one named file. It now inventories every *.Tests.ps1 in the directory
and runs the same list. Naming one file would have let a second container run
its assertions while being absent from cases-defined - the numerator would grow
while the denominator held still, which reads as an improvement and is a
bookkeeping error.

RE-DERIVED ACROSS THREE DIFFERENTLY SHAPED TARGETS

  Target                                   cases-run   cases-defined
  PSModuleGraph (the reference)                  477              41
  PSAzureDevOpsGraph @ 7066916, built            154              41
  PSHelpFixture (three functions, two types)      60              41

cases-run varies by a factor of eight across these three; cases-defined does
not move. That is the same demonstration the pre-change figure had at 33 with
cases-run 57 / 55 / 41, repeated after the change.

series boundary: v1.2.0 - conformance scores before and after this tag are separate series and are not compared

WHAT THAT MEANS IN PRACTICE

A score of 33/33 and a score of 38/41 are not two measurements of the same
thing. The suite between them is not the same suite, so the percentages are not
comparable and neither is the count. Every published figure in this repository
taken before v1.2.0 belongs to the 33-case series; every figure taken after it
belongs to the 41-case series.

The rule that follows, and it is the one to apply rather than the arithmetic: a
change in cases-defined between two runs means THE SUITE CHANGED, which silently
rescales every score on either side of it and has to be said out loud. It is
said out loud here, and in the CHANGELOG, and in the README's score tables.

The direction of the risk is worth stating because it is counter-intuitive: an
assertion that silently stops producing cases makes a score go UP. Growing the
denominator is the safe direction; it is the shrinking one nobody notices.

WHAT THIS BOUNDARY DOES NOT LICENSE

It is not a reset. The ladder's numbers stand exactly as recorded, on their own
series, and nothing about them is restated or re-derived. The v1.1.1 tag message
and the README's "With the plugin and without it" table remain true of the
33-case series and are labelled as such. A boundary that were used to retire
inconvenient earlier figures would be worse than no boundary at all.
