HELP ASSERTION FALSIFICATION - pass 0039
Suite:   evals/conformance/Help.Tests.ps1   (8 assertions, all tagged HouseStyle)
Runner:  plans/0039-ux-help-batch/help-falsify.ps1
Target:  plans/0039-ux-help-batch/New-HelpFixture.ps1, materialised at C:/w39/fx

WHY A PURPOSE-BUILT FIXTURE AND NOT THE REFERENCE.
The protocol says break the reference. It cannot be the target here, and the
reason is the point of item 7 rather than an evasion of it: the reference
predates these rules and fails 219 of their cases, so a break against it is
UNOBSERVABLE - the case it would turn red is already red. A falsification row
needs a known-good, and for a new rule the known-good has to be built. The
reference's standing behaviour under these assertions is recorded separately,
as declared Bucket B, in refscore.txt.

The fixture is the smallest tree that is green on all eight: two public
functions (one with two parameter sets, one with one), a private function
documented to the same standard, a class, an enum, and an about_ topic.

THREE GUARDS, each of which has produced a false clean run in this project
when it was absent:
  1. every expected case name is preflighted against the cases the suite
     actually produces - an unresolved name is a hard stop, because a renamed
     assertion otherwise reports as "does not fire";
  2. every perturbation asserts it changed the file - a substitution matching
     nothing leaves the target intact and the run comes back green;
  3. known-good is re-materialised and re-asserted before EVERY row.

Collateral is recorded rather than suppressed. H6 shows 4 because deleting a
whole help block genuinely fails synopsis, description, example and .PARAMETER
for that function. H1/H2 are each other's collateral by construction.

KNOWN-GOOD: 19 cases, 0 failing
PREFLIGHT: 12 / 12 case names resolve


Id  Kind    Fired Expected Named Pass Collateral Note
--  ----    ----- -------- ----- ---- ---------- ----
H1  BREAK    True     True  True True          1 strip one example from a two-set function
H2  BREAK    True     True  True True          1 same strip; the failure must NAME the uncovered set
H3  CONTROL False    False  True True          2 single-set function with one example, while the two-set function is
                                                 broken
H4  BREAK    True     True  True True          0 remove one .PARAMETER entry; the failure must NAME the parameter
H5  CONTROL False    False  True True          0 SCOPE: an unattached comment block quoting help keywords, real help
                                                 left intact
H6  BREAK    True     True  True True          4 SUBSTITUTION: delete the real help, leave a detached block that still
                                                 says .SYNOPSIS
H7  BREAK    True     True  True True          0 remove the block above the class
H8  CONTROL False    False  True True          1 SCOPE: remove the block above the ENUM instead; the class case must
                                                 stay green
H9  BREAK    True     True  True True          0 delete the about_ topic from a module that defines types
H10 CONTROL False    False  True True          0 SCOPE: delete a DIFFERENT about_ topic in the same culture directory
H11 BREAK    True     True  True True          0 strip .DESCRIPTION from a function whose synopsis and example remain
H12 CONTROL False    False  True True          1 SCOPE: the same strip, watched on the OTHER function


BREAKS: 7 / 7 red
CONTROLS: 5 / 5 green

WHAT THIS RUN FOUND BEFORE IT PASSED.

The fixture was NOT green on its first run, and the failure was a real defect
in a rule this pass wrote:

  'shows every named parameter set of Get-FixtureThing in an example' was red
  against an example built to this pass's OWN house .EXAMPLE standard.

The set-coverage check looked for the dash form, -Name. The house standard
mandates splatting, so a conforming example names its parameters as hashtable
keys and never writes -Name at all. Two rules shipped in the same pass
contradicted each other, and the assertion was unsatisfiable by exactly the
examples it was written to reward. It now accepts either syntax.

Nothing found it but the fixture. Read side by side, the two rules look
consistent; only running one against the other does not.

CONTAINER GUARD (Invoke-Conformance.ps1), falsified separately.
A second container introduced a failure mode the runner could not see: when
Help.Tests.ps1 lost its discovery to a member access on an empty array, EVERY
one of its assertions vanished from the run and a score printed as though
nothing were missing. CasesDefined still counted them, because it is parsed
from source and does not know the file failed to load. Pester said
"Container failed: 1" in its own output and nothing downstream read it.

  CONTROL  unmodified suite      -> guard silent, score reported, 38 cases
  BREAK    discovery made to throw -> guard fired, NO result.json written
           "1 suite container(s) failed to run, so no score is being reported."

Not run is not a pass, one level up from zero cases.
